User assignee instructions (#13860)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/security_signal_management/_index.md

## View and respond to Security Signals

> If Datadog detects a threat based on any rules, it creates a security signal. You can view all security signals in the Signal Explorer, making it easy to search, filter, and correlate them without needing to learn a dedicated query language. You can either monitor signals from the Datadog Cloud Security Platform, or you can configure [Notification Rules][3] to send signals to third-party tools. Signals can be assigned to yourself or to another user in the Datadog platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Security Signal is created when Datadog detects a threat based on a security rule. View, search, filter, and correlate security signals in the Signal Explorer without needing to learn a dedicated query language. You can either monitor signals from the Datadog Cloud Security Platform, or configure [Notification Rules][3] to send signals to third-party tools. Signals can be assigned to yourself or another user in the Datadog platform.
```

1. In Datadog, select Security from the main navigation menu on the left, and select Security Signals from the menu.
2. Select a Log Detection or Workload Security Signal from the table.

> 3. To assign a signal to yourself or another Datadog user, navigate to the user profile icon with the plus sign in the top-right corner of the Signal Side Panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To assign a signal to yourself or another Datadog user, navigate to the user profile icon with the plus sign in the top right corner of the Signal side panel.
```

> 4. Navigate to the top-right corner of the Signal Side Panel and select your desired status from the dropdown menu. The default status is **Open**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Navigate to the top right corner of the Signal side panel, and select your desired status from the dropdown menu. The default status is **Open**.
```
